box: make box.schema functions transactional when possible (#8751)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-4348-transactional-ddl.md

## bugfix/box

> * All the DDL functions from `box.schema` module are wrapped into transaction
>   to avoid database inconsistency on failed operation (gh-4348).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All DDL functions from the `box.schema` module are now wrapped into a transaction
  to avoid database inconsistency on failed operations (gh-4348).
```
